---
title: Baddies
layout: post
author: luke.harrison
permalink: /Baddies/
source-id: 1JIzBuLPafbjY7umIHvF9HngwQK8TZBOwn_h1HrfF5aU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Improving our scratch maze.
</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>05/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Choosing my villain.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To keep organized during the lesson and create a villain.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I managed to reach my target as I created a villain and I stayed organized.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During that lesson, I mostly used the strategy of keeping organized by staying on track and doing the right thing at the right time. I kept organized by listening very carefully to the responses my friends gave me and when Mr Keen was talking to the class. This helped me to stay with the rest of my class and keep up on what we were doing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that my ability to challenge myself in IT limited my learning. Since I didn't challenge myself, some of my other classmates had a better maze game than me because they did the harder option. This made me feel quite annoyed with myself as I want to do the best I can in IT. It also made me feel a sense of frustration.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The next time my lesson comes, I will make sure that I challenge myself. I will do this by choosing the harder option when we are able to pick and maybe go beyond what Mr Keen asked us to do. When I go beyond what is asked, I will make sure that I keep to what we are doing and not go off into my own world. I will give this 100%...</td>
  </tr>
</table>


