---
title: Scratch
layout: post
author: luke.harrison
permalink: /Scratch/
source-id: 1JIzBuLPafbjY7umIHvF9HngwQK8TZBOwn_h1HrfF5aU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>How to use scratch?
</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Learning the basic steps of scratch.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Use a code bank to complete my maze game.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I managed to reach my target as I have now completed my scratch maze game.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For that lesson, I used the strategy of asking any questions when I wasn't unsure. When I asked my friends, they gave me really good advice so I knew what I was doing all lesson. I also asked Mr Keen when I was stuck and he helped me as well. I learnt by paying full attention to the responses that my friends and teachers gave me. Another strategy I used was to pay full attention and remember the important facts when Mr Keen was talking to the class. By doing this, I managed to create my own scratch maze game.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that I need to work on is my organisation. This is because at the end of the lesson I had to stay behind so that I could sign up for scratch. I needed to sign into scratch to save my work. By this happening, I was late for my next lesson. I also need to work on my questions as some of them were already mentioned before so there wasn’t a point in asking them. This made me feel quite embarrassed as people thought that I wasn’t listening. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson, I will change how well I am organised so that when the lesson is over I don’t have to stay behind. I will change this by signing into scratch when Mr Keen asks us to. Another thing I will change for next time is the questions that I ask. I will do this by listening to the questions my classmates ask and if it is the question I was going to ask, I won’t ask it.
 </td>
  </tr>
</table>


