---
title: Week 1
layout: post
author: luke.harrison
permalink: /Week-1/
source-id: 1b20GBhJq6X9nwVt7r5v0iYhcjGKHUAcSeJZH4RTX5Ew
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Starting off with fuse</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Making sure we set everything up correctly. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>.Get as far as possible with 'fuse'. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Partly, as I managed to get a decent amount of work done but Rohit and I had a bit of a problem. If that problem didn’t happen we would have done more work.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The main strategies that I used was perseverance as Rohit and I had a very big problem which meant that we had to start over from the beginning. This was very annoying and was a big hindrance but we kept going and we managed to get it all set up again. Another way that i helped myself learn is when i was talking to Rohit and asking him if something confused me. He then helped me and we got through the fist stage of Fuse. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that I need to work on is trying to be a bit more independent and not always ask the teacher (Mr Ampah-Korsah) whenever a problem faces me. One time, the fuse had a problem with it and I went straight to the teacher whereas I should have thought to myself, I have the skill-power and the knowledge to figure this out. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next Monday, our next lesson, I am going to change my attitude towards a problem. I will make sure that I don't ask someone straight away and instead ask myself. Think through all the things we have done before and see if I can solve the problem. If that does not work, I will talk to Rohit and see if he can figure it out. As a last resort, I woulg go to the teacher and ask for help.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


