---
title: Evaluating
layout: post
author: luke.harrison
permalink: /evaluation/
source-id: 1JIzBuLPafbjY7umIHvF9HngwQK8TZBOwn_h1HrfF5aU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Improving our scratch games.
</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Starting section 4 of planning document.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Complete section 4 and my game.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I managed to reach my target as I finished my scratch game and section 4 (evaluating.)</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During that lesson, I mostly used the strategy of the different tutorials that there were on scratch which helped me complete my game. I also looked at other people's game so that I could maybe get a little bit of code if I was stuck. They also helped me when I asked them questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that my ability to concentrate limited my learning as I was more focused on playing other people’s game, I forgot that I had to finish my game and I did not get to finish section 4. I need to work on my habit of talking as I normally talk and not get as much work done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The next time my lesson comes, I will make sure that give my full focus to the task given and not wander off playing different people’s game. I will give my attention to my task, not anyone else. I will also not talk as much and do a lot more work so that I do not get as much of homework.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


