---
title: Week 2
layout: post
author: luke.harrison
permalink: /Week.2/
source-id: 1d1Z_izMr-aTE4Dw1fJdO5kEEIVHPDPXEcknOpp3XY2Y
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Progressing with fuze </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>23/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Recapping where we got to last lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get through another stage.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, as Rohit and I managed to get through another stage and do part of the next stage.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The way in I learnt was when I listened carefully to Mr Ampah-Korsah when he was giving the improvement points. This helped me learn because it showed what I was doing wrong and what I could improve on. The strategies that I used was to not get distracted by friends or anything else. I stayed focused on my work that I was supposed to be doing and then Rohit and I got through a lot of work. Because I progressed well, this strategy was very effective.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning were the fact that I was not paying attention 100% all of the time. Sometimes when Rohit was talking to me and asking me for help I was not listening to him and doing something else towards our project. This limited my learning because Rohit could have asked me a really good question and progressed me learning further. The habits that I need to work on is always focusing on the part of the project that we are doing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I need to change the amount of work that I do at home. This past week, I was doing too little work and thinking that I could do more work in the lesson than I actually could. I thought that I could do quite a big section of the fuze manual. I didn't do as much, I did one section and a bit of the second section. At home, I could have maybe researched a bit about what we will be doing and what I formation that we need. I will improve by doing more work at home and not all in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


