---
title: Week 7
layout: post
author: luke.harrison
permalink: /week-7/
source-id: 1SQtBu8T0YmOxXBvZm0ef1Qf7aQNZBAUfHDln1CY16rE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Switching Partners</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Going back to original partners.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get to a good start with the computer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes I did as Rohit, Rowan and I got off to an awesome start and we got loads of work done.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The main way in which I learnt during this lesson was that I was making sure that I was doing everything right. The way in which this helped me was simple. This simple way is that this  particular strategy made me just get on with the work and not just doubt myself throughout the course of the lesson. This helped our group get through a respectable chunk of the work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning was that I was a bit confused at some parts throughout the lesson. The only reason why this happened was because us three (Rowan, Rohit and I) were moving really quickly during this particular lesson which meant that we were not paying all attention to the actual work that we were doing and instead, focusing on getting through the work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My thing that I will change for my next lesson of IT will be that I will make sure that I am not going at a slower pace than the other members of my group are going at. Sometimes, I would still be typing in the code and the other two people would have already finished wiring everything up. The reason why I need to work on this is because it slowed down the whole group.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


