---
title: Week 8
layout: post
author: luke.harrison
permalink: /week-8/
source-id: 1al-nxITqV_H5vNn3gpeFVExd4Pj3TCKWbjPzGcy4cvM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Using the electric component kit.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Picking up where we left off last lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson</td>
    <td>Get to a good start with the electrical component kit.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I completed my target as as in my opinion, we managed to get to a good start.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The ways in which I learnt during this particular lesson was the way in which I listened carefully to what my partner (Rex) was saying and telling me to do. The reason why this helped was because this method made sure that we didn't get anything wrong and that we did not need to do the step again. This made our work more progressive and it made sure that there were no hindrances. It helped us progress further with the electrical component kit.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The one main thing that limited my learning was that my partner was away not that focused and because I was not with him in the last lesson, I just did not know where he got up to. This limited how much time I spent on doing the actual work. This happened because I did not know what to do. I eventually decided that I should just start from where I remember last in the process of the fuze box. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next lesson, I will try and be a bit more independent and not just worry about the small things and just get on with the work. The way that I will achieve this is that I will not just ponder and instead focus on the work. I will also get Rex to be a blot Moore focused on the work that we are doing. I will not rely on other people to help my with my own personal problems and instead, I will solve them out by myself and be a bit more independent as a person for the next lesson we have (next week).</td>
  </tr>
</table>


