---
title: Week 5
layout: post
author: luke.harrison
permalink: /week-5/
source-id: 12vESYUwjOF6uyruy7Xp_ny9yekK-2ZasmAHtwP_s0ZY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Working together to solve the problem</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Letting the teacher check our blogs.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Make sure I am getting further with fuze.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Sort of as I did Learn more about fuze but Rohit and I did not progress that far.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The ways in which I learnt was the way in which I referred back to previous lessons for any help that was needed. This helped me because it gave me the help with anything that I was stuck on nd it also helped me and my partner (Rohit) progress further with fuze. This strategy was effective because it meant that we could just nail down and get on with the task at hand that Mr Ampah Korsah gave us. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The one thing that limited my learning during that particular lesson was that it took an awful long time for Rohit and I to get the fuze working. All the computers kept saying HDMI No Signal. This limited my learning as it resulted in Rohit and I spending more time solving this problem than working with the actual fuze box. This is the thing that I need to work on from that particular lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For the next lesson, I will change the way in which I approach any challenges that face me. I will face the, head on instead of just worrying about the little amount of work that I will get done due to this problem not letting me work. I will be able to face the challenge face on by making my problem not be worst and grow harder. To be honest, if I solve the problem face on, I will be able to do more work in the lesson. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


