---
title: Week 9
layout: post
author: luke.harrison
permalink: /week-9/
source-id: 1_KvCSi3HGdutNi1E_JsslQtPgjaj_7TCbz0BEhWlBFI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>The Robot Arm</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Setting up needed equipment.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Move on to the robot arm.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I managed to reach my target as Rex and I got on to the robot arm.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During that lesson, the strategy that I used that was the most effective was the way in which I was ready with the camera to record our progress throughout the lesson. This helped because it made sure that our teacher knew that we have actually done all of the work and that we did not skip any stages throughout the manual. This is the strategy that made it more effective throughout my learning. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that how I was quite slow at most of the stages throughout the manual limited my learning as it meant that I did not get to level three as quick so I did not get all the code. Being slow also limited my learning as it meant that I also had more homework to do so that meant that I got less time in lessons to learn. I need to work on the habit of speeding up throughout the particular lesson. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time we have a lesson (next monday) I will make sure that I do not ask my friends so much and try to get as much of my own work done as possible. I will also try to get as much work as possible done in the lesson time given so that it will mean that I do not get as much homework. This is the problem that I want to change for the next lesson. This will improve my learning nicely.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


