---
title: Week 10
layout: post
author: luke.harrison
permalink: /week-10/
source-id: 1koGXZ2_FMmKWkUKAPtt5qRvgzeBIj-I4l_vdSG_LHOI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Starting with our own coding.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>23/04/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Signing up for codecademy.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Reach as far as I can on codecademy.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, as I managed to do a respectable amount of work during the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Throughout the course of that lesson, the strategy that I used that was the most effective was the way in which I just kept my head down and got on with the work instead of looking around and getting distracted. This helped me learn because it gave me a lot more personal time to get on with the work and it also helped me have a lot more focus on the work that was at hand and not the people around me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things during that lessons that really limited my learning was that I was not paying 100% to the teacher (Mr Keen) and I was not completely paying attention to him when he was talking during that particular lesson. This was a bad thing because it meant that I was not all that sure on the work that I was doing as I was not listening o Mr Keen as much as I should have been.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time we have a lesson (next monday) I will make sure that I am paying 100% to the things that are being said by the teacher when they are talking to the class. This is the thing that I will change for next lesson. I will improve my learning by paying attention and not not listening to Mr Keen as it will help me with the work that will be set. This is how I will improve my learning.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


